CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to [github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

-   Reporting [an issue](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.yml).
-   [Discussing](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/discussions) the current state of the code.
-   Submitting [a fix](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/compare).
-   Proposing [new features](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.yml).
-   Becoming a maintainer.

## All Changes Happen Through Pull Requests

Pull requests are the best way to propose changes. We actively welcome your pull requests:

1.  Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2.  If you've added code that should be tested, add some tests' examples.
3.  If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4.  Issue that pull request!

## Under the hood of github-readme-stats

Interested in diving deeper into understanding how github-readme-stats works?

[Bohdan](https://github.com/Bogdan-Lyashenko) wrote a fantastic in-depth post about it, check it out:

**[Under the hood of github-readme-stats project](https://codecrumbs.io/library/github-readme-stats)**

## Local Development

To run & test github-readme-stats, you need to follow a few simple steps:-
_(make sure you already have a [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) account)_

1.  Install [Vercel CLI](https://vercel.com/download).
2.  Fork the repository and clone the code to your local machine.
3.  Run `npm install` in the repository root.
4.  Run the command `vercel` in the root and follow the steps there.
5.  Open `vercel.json` and set the maxDuration to 10.
6.  Create a `.env` file in the root of the directory.
7.  In the .env file add a new variable named `PAT_1` with your [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token).
8.  Run the command `vercel dev` to start a development server at <https://localhost:3000>.
9.  The cards will then be available from this local endpoint (i.e. `https://localhost:3000/api?username=anuraghazra`).

> [!NOTE]\
> You can debug the package code in [Vscode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) by using the [Node.js: Attach to process](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_setting-up-an-attach-configuration) debug option. You can also debug any tests using the [VSCode Jest extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Orta.vscode-jest). For more information, see https://github.com/jest-community/vscode-jest/issues/912.

## Themes Contribution

GitHub Readme Stats supports custom theming, and you can also contribute new themes!

> [!NOTE]\
> If you are contributing your theme just because you are using it personally, then you can [customize the looks](./readme.md#customization) of your card with URL params instead.

> [!NOTE]\
> Keep in mind that we already have a vast collection of different themes. To keep their number manageable, we began to add only themes supported by the community. Your pull request with theme addition will be merged once we get enough positive feedback from the community in the form of thumbs up :+1: emojis (see [#1935](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/1935#top-themes-prs)). We expect to see at least 10-15 thumbs up before making a decision to merge your pull request into the master branch. Remember that you can also support themes of other contributors that you liked to speed up their merge.

> [!NOTE]\
> Before submitting pull request, please make sure that your theme pass WCAG 2.0 level AA contrast ration test. You can use [this tool](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/) to check it.

To contribute your theme you need to edit the [themes/index.js](./themes/index.js) file and add it at the end of the file.

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License

In short, when you submit changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report issues/bugs using GitHub's [issues](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues)

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new/choose); it's that easy!

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

**Q:** How to hide Jupyter Notebook?

> **Ans:** &hide=jupyter%20notebook

**Q:** I could not figure out how to deploy on my own Vercel instance

> **Ans:**
>
> -   docs: <https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/#deploy-on-your-own-vercel-instance>
> -   YT tutorial by codeSTACKr: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6d4KHSKqGk&feature=youtu.be&t=107>

**Q:** Language Card is incorrect

> **Ans:** Please read all the related issues/comments before opening any issues regarding language card stats:
>
> -   <https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665164174>
>
> -   <https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665172181>

**Q:** How to count private stats?

> **Ans:** We can only count public commits & we cannot access any other private info of any users, so it's not possible. The only way to count your personal private stats is to deploy on your own instance & use your own PAT (Personal Access Token)

### Bug Reports

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

-   A quick summary and/or background
-   Steps to reproduce
    -   Be specific!
    -   Share the snapshot, if possible.
    -   GitHub Readme Stats' live link
-   What actually happens
-   What you expected would happen
-   Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People _love_ thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.

### Feature Request

**Great Feature Requests** tend to have:

-   A quick idea summary
-   What & why do you want to add the specific feature
-   Additional context like images, links to resources to implement the feature, etc.

Commit message:

docs: add translations contribution guide (#3360)

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to [github-readme-stats](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

-   Reporting [an issue](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&template=bug_report.yml).
-   [Discussing](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/discussions) the current state of the code.
-   Submitting [a fix](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/compare).
-   Proposing [new features](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.yml).
-   Becoming a maintainer.

## All Changes Happen Through Pull Requests

Pull requests are the best way to propose changes. We actively welcome your pull requests:

1.  Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2.  If you've added code that should be tested, add some tests' examples.
3.  If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4.  Issue that pull request!

## Under the hood of github-readme-stats

Interested in diving deeper into understanding how github-readme-stats works?

[Bohdan](https://github.com/Bogdan-Lyashenko) wrote a fantastic in-depth post about it, check it out:

**[Under the hood of github-readme-stats project](https://codecrumbs.io/library/github-readme-stats)**

## Local Development

To run & test github-readme-stats, you need to follow a few simple steps:-
_(make sure you already have a [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) account)_

1.  Install [Vercel CLI](https://vercel.com/download).
2.  Fork the repository and clone the code to your local machine.
3.  Run `npm install` in the repository root.
4.  Run the command `vercel` in the root and follow the steps there.
5.  Open `vercel.json` and set the maxDuration to 10.
6.  Create a `.env` file in the root of the directory.
7.  In the .env file add a new variable named `PAT_1` with your [GitHub Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token).
8.  Run the command `vercel dev` to start a development server at <https://localhost:3000>.
9.  The cards will then be available from this local endpoint (i.e. `https://localhost:3000/api?username=anuraghazra`).

> [!NOTE]\
> You can debug the package code in [Vscode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) by using the [Node.js: Attach to process](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_setting-up-an-attach-configuration) debug option. You can also debug any tests using the [VSCode Jest extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Orta.vscode-jest). For more information, see https://github.com/jest-community/vscode-jest/issues/912.

## Themes Contribution

GitHub Readme Stats supports custom theming, and you can also contribute new themes!

> [!NOTE]\
> If you are contributing your theme just because you are using it personally, then you can [customize the looks](./readme.md#customization) of your card with URL params instead.

> [!NOTE]\
> Keep in mind that we already have a vast collection of different themes. To keep their number manageable, we began to add only themes supported by the community. Your pull request with theme addition will be merged once we get enough positive feedback from the community in the form of thumbs up :+1: emojis (see [#1935](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/1935#top-themes-prs)). We expect to see at least 10-15 thumbs up before making a decision to merge your pull request into the master branch. Remember that you can also support themes of other contributors that you liked to speed up their merge.

> [!NOTE]\
> Before submitting pull request, please make sure that your theme pass WCAG 2.0 level AA contrast ration test. You can use [this tool](https://webaim.org/resources/contrastchecker/) to check it.

To contribute your theme you need to edit the [themes/index.js](./themes/index.js) file and add it at the end of the file.

## Translations Contribution

GitHub Readme Stats supports multiple languages, if we are missing your language, you can contribute it! You can check the currently supported languages [here](./readme.md#available-locales).

To contribute your language you need to edit the [src/translations.js](./src/translations.js) file and add new property to each object where the key is the language code in [ISO 639-1 standard](https://www.andiamo.co.uk/resources/iso-language-codes/) and the value is the translated string.

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT Software License

In short, when you submit changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [MIT License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

## Report issues/bugs using GitHub's [issues](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues)

We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/new/choose); it's that easy!

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

**Q:** How to hide Jupyter Notebook?

> **Ans:** &hide=jupyter%20notebook

**Q:** I could not figure out how to deploy on my own Vercel instance

> **Ans:**
>
> -   docs: <https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/#deploy-on-your-own-vercel-instance>
> -   YT tutorial by codeSTACKr: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6d4KHSKqGk&feature=youtu.be&t=107>

**Q:** Language Card is incorrect

> **Ans:** Please read all the related issues/comments before opening any issues regarding language card stats:
>
> -   <https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665164174>
>
> -   <https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665172181>

**Q:** How to count private stats?

> **Ans:** We can only count public commits & we cannot access any other private info of any users, so it's not possible. The only way to count your personal private stats is to deploy on your own instance & use your own PAT (Personal Access Token)

### Bug Reports

**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:

-   A quick summary and/or background
-   Steps to reproduce
    -   Be specific!
    -   Share the snapshot, if possible.
    -   GitHub Readme Stats' live link
-   What actually happens
-   What you expected would happen
-   Notes (possibly including why you think this might be happening or stuff you tried that didn't work)

People _love_ thorough bug reports. I'm not even kidding.

### Feature Request

**Great Feature Requests** tend to have:

-   A quick idea summary
-   What & why do you want to add the specific feature
-   Additional context like images, links to resources to implement the feature, etc.
