.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, before:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ""
labels: ""
assignees: ""
---
<!--

PLEASE FIRST READ THE FAQ (#1770) AND COMMON ERROR CODES (#1772)!!!

Q: My card displays an error
Ans: First, check the common error codes (i.e. https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/1772) and existing issues before creating a new one. 

Q: How to hide jupyter Notebook?
Ans: &hide=jupyter%20notebook

Q: I could not figure out how to deploy on my own vercel instance
Ans:
  - docs: https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/#deploy-on-your-own-vercel-instance
  - YT tutorial by codeSTACKr: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6d4KHSKqGk&feature=youtu.be&t=107

Q: Language Card is incorrect
Ans: Please read all the issues/comments before opening any issues regarding language card stats:
    - https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665164174
    - https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665172181

Q: How to count private stats?
Ans: We can only count private commits & we cannot access any other private info of any users, so it's impossible. The only way is to deploy on your own instance & use your own PAT (Personal Access Token)
-->

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Expected behaviour**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots / Live demo link (paste the github-readme-stats link as markdown image)**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

Commit message:

refactor: improve issues template
Move part of the FAQ notice to the bottom so that it doesn't clutter the issues window.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ""
labels: ""
assignees: ""
---
<!--PLEASE FIRST READ THE FAQ (#1770) AND COMMON ERROR CODES (#1772)!!!-->

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Expected behaviour**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots / Live demo link (paste the github-readme-stats link as markdown image)**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

<!-- FAQ
Below are some questions that are found in the FAQ. The full FAQ can be found in #1770.

Q: My card displays an error
Ans: First, check the common error codes (i.e. https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/1772) and existing issues before creating a new one. 

Q: How to hide jupyter Notebook?
Ans: &hide=jupyter%20notebook

Q: I could not figure out how to deploy on my own vercel instance
Ans:
  - docs: https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/#deploy-on-your-own-vercel-instance
  - YT tutorial by codeSTACKr: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6d4KHSKqGk&feature=youtu.be&t=107

Q: Language Card is incorrect
Ans: Please read all the issues/comments before opening any issues regarding language card stats:
    - https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665164174
    - https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats/issues/136#issuecomment-665172181

Q: How to count private stats?
Ans: We can only count private commits & we cannot access any other private info of any users, so it's impossible. The only way is to deploy on your own instance & use your own PAT (Personal Access Token)
-->
